[docs][clusters] Improve instructions for GPU autodetection and manual cluster launching (#43219)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/scheduling/accelerators.rst

------------------------------------

> By default, Ray will set the quantity of accelerator resources of a node to the physical quantities of accelerators auto detected by Ray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Ray sets the quantity of accelerator resources of a node to the physical quantities of accelerators auto detected by Ray.
```

For GPU auto-detection, Ray uses the `gpustat <https://github.com/wookayin/gpustat>`_ tool.

> If you find that GPUs are not being auto-detected, first test that there are no errors by running ``gpustat --debug``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find that GPUs aren't being auto-detected, first test that there are no errors by running ``gpustat --debug``.
```

> Run this command inside the Ray container if using Docker.

Reviewer 2: We no longer use `gpustat` for Nvidia GPU auto-detection but directly using pynvml for Nvidia GPU (see nvidia_gpu.py) and other tools for AMD GPU and Intel GPUs.

Author: Hmm I see, can you advise on what users should run to debug the autodetection?

Reviewer 2: @stephanie-wang the current autodetection code is in `nvidia_gpu.py` specifically

```
@staticmethod
    def get_current_node_num_accelerators() -> int:
        import ray._private.thirdparty.pynvml as pynvml

        try:
            pynvml.nvmlInit()
        except pynvml.NVMLError:
            return 0  # pynvml init failed
        device_count = pynvml.nvmlDeviceGetCount()
        pynvml.nvmlShutdown()
        return device_count
```

This is also what `gpustat` uses under the hood.
